
Prepare
1.Made encrypted client, overwrite current client (once)
2.The client shortcut in the client is the coverage example created after the first load. Pay attention to the naming, do not have other suffixes. (once)

Deployment Phase 1 - Supplier:
operating:
Run copy_game_client as needed to see if the D drive has a copy of the file and shut it down.


This step is done in the script:
1. Encrypt a copy of the client file;
2. A copy of each script file;
3. A copy of the background image folder;
4. Modified the password of the current (administrator) account (Password@3);
5. Created a new account newUser (Password@1)


Deployment Phase 2 - On-site volunteers:
operating:
1. Boot to the newUser desktop
2. C:\desktopImages is the desktop background image, select and set
3. Manually delete the Edge browser, respectively in the start menu bar and taskbar
4. Run C:\policy_disable.exe (the script runs last, because the script finishes automatically restarts)


This step is done in the script:
1. Copy the shortcut of the loading script and the shortcut of the client running program to the newUser desktop
2. Script policy restriction policy, newUser downgrades to ordinary users
3. Automatic restart, used to validate part of the strategy

  
Use stage - on-site volunteers, IT:
1. Client loading - IT:
?? Enter the newUser desktop, run mount_xxx.bat. The cmd box will prompt you to enter the load password, pay attention to switch English character input;
?? After the end, the password input box for calling the administrator authority will pop up, and the administrator password (Password@3) will be entered.
?? After the input, the corresponding game client will be loaded with a new drive letter. At this point, the corresponding game client shortcut on the desktop can be opened by clicking.
Higher authority limits can only be handled by IT.

2. Shutdown and restart - live volunteers:
?? The unloaded script is done in the boot, so as long as the computer is turned off, after reopening, it is necessary to reload.
?? Be sure to confirm that the site has been shut down before leaving the site.
?
3.newUser's temporary adjustment and resolution limit - IT:
?? Lifting rights:
?? Under the newUser account, you can access C:\common\upgrade, script 1 is executed with admin privileges, and scripts 2 and 3 are executed with user privileges.
?? Downgrade:
?? Run C:\policy_disable.exe

End stage - on-site volunteers, IT:
operating:
???? After ending the cj activity, go to the administrator desktop, open C:\common\Alldelete, and run the script deleteAll.exe.
This step is done in the script:
???? Format the loading disk, cancel loading, and format the D disk that stores the encrypted file, delete all scripts, pictures, and change the administrator password to 123.
.